[SYNTH-24495] Update the IP ranges for Synthetics Mobile testing (#34397)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/mobile_app_testing/mobile_app_tests/restricted_networks.md

## Overview

Some of your applications might not be available to the public Internet because they are accessing development or local environments, or they are internal applications intended for users within your corporate network (for example, your corporate intranet or VPN).

{{< img src="/mobile_app_testing/mobile_app_restricted_networks.png" alt="Diagram showing testing of mobile apps behind a firewall or restricted networks" style="width:100%;">}}

> To test these applications, add the following IP address ranges to your company's allowlist. This ensures successful requests from your applications in Datadog Mobile App Testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test these applications, add the following IP address ranges to your company's allowlist. This ensures that requests from your applications in Datadog Mobile App Testing succeed.
```
